Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a pair of headphones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a pair of running shoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a row of energy bars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a stack of forms inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a wire rack of biscuits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a brown cardboard parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a folded tape measure inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a row of cigars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a row of ivory dominoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a row of orange folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a violin resting on blue velvet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a folded warning label inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a pair of white gloves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a copper pipes and a small dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a chipped enamel lid liner inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a palette of coloured eyeshadows inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a juice carton and a wrapped roll inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a pair of steel calipers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a folded map of a city inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a single dried fig inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a stack of banded notes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a risen brown loaf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a pair of small pliers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a folded silk scarf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a golden roast chicken in a black tray on the rack inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a stack of washers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a foil-wrapped parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a brass gas dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a tray of dark chocolates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a grid of silver coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a pair of jacket potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a handful of white envelopes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a row of sorted screws inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a small cork disc inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a folded paper manual inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a folded map of a city inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a row of hanging keys inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a white plastic paddle inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a row of black switches inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a folded paper manual inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a row of muffin cases inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a row of energy bars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a stack of pressed handkerchiefs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a boxy projector in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a folded muslin square inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a printed wiring card inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a stack of exercise books inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a pair of small pliers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a folded tripod inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a wire rack of biscuits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a row of sanding blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a claw hammer lying on top of the tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a row of sugar cubes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a rolled certificate inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a folded tape measure inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a bundle of tied letters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a white telescope tube inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a pair of white gloves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a rolled certificate inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a coil of copper wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a boxy projector in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a violin resting on blue velvet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a gold chain on a red cushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a pair of swimming goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a rack of upturned plates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a tangle of striped towels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a wrapped sandwich inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a bundle of steamed greens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a coloured thread spools around a pincushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a black fountain pen inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a pair of safety goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a rolled sleeping mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a silver hairbrush inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a brown cardboard parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a folded rain jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing two slices of browning bread inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a sunburst acoustic guitar inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a folded paper sachet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a palette of coloured eyeshadows inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a row of skewered vegetables inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a row of bright fishing lures inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a row of watches on cushions inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a carton of orange juice in ice inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a bundle of skipping rope inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a pile of folded blue jumpers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a copper pipes and a small dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a row of skewered vegetables inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a pair of spare bulbs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a tray of silver forks and knives inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a pair of swimming goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a row of muffin cases inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a coil of copper wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a silver serving spoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a rolled certificate inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a pair of swimming goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a row of paper seed packets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a set of chrome spanners inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a bundle of paint brushes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a bundle of banded papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a bubbling margherita pizza inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a risen brown loaf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a row of graded drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a pair of reading glasses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a cluster of dried red chillies inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a ridged metal scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a pair of headphones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a silver microphone seated in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a small brass key inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a row of watches on cushions inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a row of spare batteries inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a rack of upturned plates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a stack of exercise books inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a golden roast chicken in a black tray on the rack inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a small cork disc inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a row of orange folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a rolled blueprint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a small cork disc inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a row of watches on cushions inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a bright yellow shirt folded inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a pair of charred sausages on the grates. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a row of cigars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a row of energy bars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a row of muffin cases inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a spread of coloured pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a bundle of yellow pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a set of chrome spanners inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a roll of insulating tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a pair of white gloves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a row of fuses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a folded chart of a coastline inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a bundle of cable ties inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a tray of sorted coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a white telescope tube inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a bundle of paint brushes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a heap of striped shirts inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a bundle of steamed greens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a set of carved chess pieces inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a foil-wrapped parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a folded map of a city inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a carton of orange juice in ice inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a black fuel cap inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a rolled white towel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a row of rubber stamps inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a tray of browned scones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a silver serving spoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a pair of scissors on a cloth inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a wrapped toffee inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a pair of cufflinks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a coiled measuring tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a pair of scissors on a cloth inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a small cork disc inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a coiled orange cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a bundle of clothes pegs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a bundle of yellow pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a pair of small pliers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a row of index cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a bundle of pale blue bed sheets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a bundle of cable ties inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a pair of safety goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a set of carved chess pieces inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a stack of blank labels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a stack of blank labels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a small brass measuring scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a stack of square crackers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a tray of dark chocolates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a wire rack of biscuits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a bundle of dried tea leaves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a bundle of steamed greens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a chocolate chip cookie inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a hanging blue jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a dial meter with a red pointer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a rolled yoga mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a pair of wire cutters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a boxy projector in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a rolled yoga mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a pair of shin pads inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a bundle of steamed greens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a silver hairbrush inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a folded muslin square inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a carton of orange juice in ice inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a golden roast chicken in a black tray on the rack inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a stack of forms inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a folded silk scarf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a pair of jacket potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a handful of white envelopes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a bundle of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a carton of orange juice in ice inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a pair of scissors on a cloth inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a stack of blank labels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a pair of cinnamon sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a folded warning label inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a row of hanging keys inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a wooden ruler inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a pair of headphones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a gold chain on a red cushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a row of chalk sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a pair of running shoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a fountain pen on folded graph paper inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a folded rain jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a coil of brown string inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a bundle of pale blue bed sheets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a stack of pressed handkerchiefs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a folded paper sachet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a tray of silver forks and knives inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a folded rain cover inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a pink iced star biscuit inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a folded warning label inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a row of paper seed packets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a bundle of banded papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a small red lever inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a pair of white gloves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a chipped enamel lid liner inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a stacked steel tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a row of orange folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a rolled leather belt inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a stack of pressed handkerchiefs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a pale block of wax inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a folded tape measure inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a bundle of dried lavender inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a rolled blueprint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a bundle of banded papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a stack of pressed handkerchiefs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a foil-wrapped parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a row of chalk sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a bundle of steamed greens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a violin resting on blue velvet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a wad of taped documents inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a stack of blank labels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a bundle of tied letters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a bright yellow shirt folded inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a ballerina on a mirror inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a pair of scissors on a cloth inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a folded cotton apron inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a line of chisels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a pair of spare bulbs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a pair of swimming goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a stack of forms inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a wooden ruler inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a silver serving spoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a pair of white trainers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a set of chrome spanners inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a bundle of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a ridged metal scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a row of spare batteries inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a hanging blue jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a sunburst acoustic guitar inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a folded silk scarf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a folded map of a city inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a pair of star anise inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a stack of round wafers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a row of ivory dominoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a stack of coasters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a folded silk scarf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a stacked steel tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a row of steel drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a coil of brown string inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a pair of cufflinks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a stacked steel tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a short steel file inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a folded silk scarf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a wooden spinning top inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a toothbrush and a tube of paste inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a wad of taped documents inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a row of skewered vegetables inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a small brass key inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a pair of small pliers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a folded tripod inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a bundle of pale blue bed sheets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a bundle of clothes pegs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a row of rubber stamps inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a brass gas dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a rolled certificate inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a stack of forms inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a handful of bent iron nails inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a pink iced star biscuit inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a violin resting on blue velvet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a golden roast chicken in a black tray on the rack inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a rolled blueprint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a violin resting on blue velvet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a small cork disc inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a tray of dark chocolates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a pale block of wax inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a set of carved chess pieces inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a row of baked potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a stack of blank labels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a stack of washers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a stack of forms inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a wrapped toffee inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a coloured thread spools around a pincushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a hanging blue jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a wrapped toffee inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a fountain pen on folded graph paper inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a brass gas dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a pair of star anise inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a bundle of skipping rope inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a dial meter with a red pointer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a bundle of dried lavender inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a row of hanging keys inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a bundle of clothes pegs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a roll of gauze beside a pair of scissors inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a coiled black cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a pair of headphones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a claw hammer lying on top of the tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a white plastic paddle inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a chocolate chip cookie inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a bundle of clothes pegs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a coloured thread spools around a pincushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a bright yellow shirt folded inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a copper pipes and a small dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a bundle of typed papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a bundle of skipping rope inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a pair of swimming goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a bundle of dried tea leaves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a white telescope tube inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a wrapped toffee inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a pair of wool socks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a tray of sorted coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a wooden spinning top inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a folded cotton apron inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a small red lever inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a single dried fig inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a coiled measuring tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a bundle of banded papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a small red lever inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a coil of grey solder wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a row of striped humbugs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a row of fuses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a row of watches on cushions inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a folded muslin square inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a silver serving spoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a bundle of skipping rope inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a black fuel cap inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a stack of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a row of glass marbles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a coiled orange cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a roll of gauze beside a pair of scissors inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a tray of browned scones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a pink iced star biscuit inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a folded rain cover inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a roll of masking tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a stack of business cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing two halved carrots in dark stew inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a carton of orange juice in ice inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a folded tape measure inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a pair of small pliers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a row of muffin cases inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a rolled sleeping mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a pair of cufflinks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a brass pocket knife inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a row of hanging keys inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a stack of coasters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a pair of safety goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a folded cotton apron inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a pair of white trainers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a row of watches on cushions inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a folded muslin square inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a row of energy bars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a bundle of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a boxy projector in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a wooden ruler inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a fountain pen on folded graph paper inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a folded tripod inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a black fuel cap inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a claw hammer lying on top of the tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a row of index cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a pair of steel calipers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a ridged metal scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a violin resting on blue velvet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a grid of coloured paint blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a ballerina on a mirror inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a pair of steel calipers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a black camera body with a short lens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a white telescope tube inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a pair of shin pads inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a pair of wool socks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a rolled certificate inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a pair of running shoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a row of graded drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a loaf of bread standing upright inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a stack of blank labels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a row of skewered vegetables inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a handful of white envelopes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a bundle of typed papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a bundle of steamed greens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a folded rain cover inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a pair of safety goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a pair of white trainers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a black camera body with a short lens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a brass teaspoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a rolled certificate inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a bowl of tomato soup inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a small red lever inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a pair of headphones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a coiled measuring tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a tangle of striped towels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a row of sorted screws inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a row of steel drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a grid of coloured paint blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a stack of pressed handkerchiefs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing two slices of browning bread inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a brass pocket knife inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a coil of brown string inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a folded map of a city inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a pair of white gloves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a black fountain pen inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a bundle of dried tea leaves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a stack of round wafers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a folded cotton apron inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a folded silk scarf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a roll of insulating tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a straw hat with a black band inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a stack of square crackers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a dial meter with a red pointer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a bundle of pale blue bed sheets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a roll of insulating tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a tray of dark chocolates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a wrapped toffee inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a violin resting on blue velvet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a brass pocket knife inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a row of energy bars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a wooden ruler inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a spread of coloured pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a palette of coloured eyeshadows inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a pair of wool socks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a tray of sorted coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a stacked steel tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a palette of coloured eyeshadows inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a pair of safety goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a printed wiring card inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a bundle of yellow pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a brass pocket knife inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a set of chrome spanners inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a pair of headphones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a coiled measuring tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a fountain pen on folded graph paper inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a row of baked potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a silver hairbrush inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a wooden spinning top inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a dial meter with a red pointer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a bundle of skipping rope inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a brass teaspoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing two slices of browning bread inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a stack of square crackers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a bundle of dried lavender inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a pair of spare bulbs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a covered casserole dish inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing two halved carrots in dark stew inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a copper pipes and a small dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a folded tripod inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a pair of wool socks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a coil of grey solder wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a pair of white trainers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a pair of reading glasses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a folded tripod inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a row of fuses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a pair of white gloves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a folded tripod inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a bundle of typed papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a row of sorted screws inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a spread of coloured pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a coloured thread spools around a pincushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a rolled blueprint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a folded cotton apron inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a row of cigars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a foil-wrapped parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a row of black switches inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a brass pocket knife inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a folded map of a city inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a printed wiring card inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a wooden spinning top inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a wrapped sandwich inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a brass pocket knife inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a folded cotton apron inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a black fountain pen inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a white telescope tube inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a wrapped sandwich inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a hanging blue jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a bundle of paint brushes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a stack of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a layer of golden chips inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a copper pipes and a small dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a bowl of tomato soup inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a black fountain pen inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a layer of golden chips inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a layer of golden chips inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a grid of coloured paint blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a grid of coloured paint blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a short wooden stirrer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a tray of dark chocolates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a pair of cinnamon sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a brass gas dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a toothbrush and a tube of paste inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a pair of cufflinks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a tray of silver forks and knives inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a row of ivory dominoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a brass gas dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a pair of white gloves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a row of baked potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a pair of white gloves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a bundle of banded papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a boxy projector in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a pair of running shoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a printed wiring card inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a gold chain on a red cushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a wooden spinning top inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a bundle of typed papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a pair of running shoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a bundle of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a gold chain on a red cushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a covered casserole dish inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing two halved carrots in dark stew inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a row of rubber stamps inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a pair of jacket potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a white plastic paddle inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a brass teaspoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a pair of spare bulbs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a row of steel drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a wire rack of biscuits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a cluster of dried red chillies inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a stack of banded notes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a handful of bent iron nails inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a row of steel drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a rolled blueprint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a rolled leather belt inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a short steel file inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a row of sugar cubes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a small cork disc inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a bundle of dried lavender inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a folded rain jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a row of skewered vegetables inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a row of spare batteries inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a rolled white towel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a bubbling margherita pizza inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a stack of exercise books inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a rack of upturned plates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a pair of cufflinks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a coil of brown string inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a coil of brown string inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a folded pastry parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a row of muffin cases inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a printed wiring card inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a black camera body with a short lens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a folded chart of a coastline inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a loaf of bread standing upright inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a row of paper seed packets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a pair of safety goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a silver serving spoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a pair of white trainers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a black fuel cap inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a toothbrush and a tube of paste inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a stack of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a row of graded drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a row of sugar cubes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a tray of silver forks and knives inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a small red lever inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a heap of striped shirts inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a layer of golden chips inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a coil of copper wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a folded warning label inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a stack of banded notes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a pair of cinnamon sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a pair of running shoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a tangle of striped towels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a bundle of typed papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a pair of white gloves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing two slices of browning bread inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a bundle of tied letters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a silver hairbrush inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a row of chalk sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a row of orange folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a coil of copper wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a row of watches on cushions inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a ballerina on a mirror inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a bundle of dried lavender inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a short steel file inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a row of spare batteries inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a bundle of steamed greens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a pair of safety goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a black fuel cap inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a claw hammer lying on top of the tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a foil-wrapped parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a bundle of clothes pegs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a brass gas dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a golden roast chicken in a black tray on the rack inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a set of carved chess pieces inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a rolled leather belt inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a dial meter with a red pointer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a risen brown loaf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a rolled sleeping mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a tray of silver forks and knives inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a set of chrome spanners inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a row of ivory dominoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a tray of silver forks and knives inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a tray of dark chocolates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a folded tape measure inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a row of index cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a coiled orange cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a roll of masking tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a stack of blank labels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a row of sorted screws inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a line of chisels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a small cork disc inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a wooden ruler inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a row of sanding blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a bundle of banded papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a pair of charred sausages on the grates. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a folded rain jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a fountain pen on folded graph paper inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a small brass key inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a pair of charred sausages on the grates. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a handful of white envelopes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a row of black switches inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing two halved carrots in dark stew inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a small brass measuring scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a coiled orange cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a rolled yoga mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a pair of small pliers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a claw hammer lying on top of the tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a bundle of skipping rope inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a rack of upturned plates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a rolled leather belt inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a row of striped humbugs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a bundle of yellow pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a black fountain pen inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a tray of browned scones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a small brass measuring scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a row of energy bars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a stack of coasters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a pair of cinnamon sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a pair of white trainers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a rolled leather belt inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a bundle of steamed greens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a tray of silver forks and knives inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a row of hanging keys inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a row of baked potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a rolled leather belt inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing two slices of browning bread inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a roll of masking tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a roll of insulating tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a small red lever inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a bundle of yellow pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a pair of reading glasses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a row of sorted screws inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a short wooden stirrer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a rolled yoga mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a bundle of yellow pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a loaf of bread standing upright inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a boxy projector in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a spread of coloured pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a pair of star anise inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a stack of pressed handkerchiefs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a grid of coloured paint blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a handful of white envelopes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a copper pipes and a small dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a straw hat with a black band inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a palette of coloured eyeshadows inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a line of chisels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a folded rain jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a folded cotton apron inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a rolled yoga mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a folded tripod inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a bundle of banded papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a stack of coasters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a ridged metal scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a pair of small pliers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a folded chart of a coastline inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a carton of orange juice in ice inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a coil of brown string inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a pair of running shoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a brass pocket knife inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a row of fuses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a row of watches on cushions inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a grid of coloured paint blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a stack of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a bundle of dried lavender inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a pink iced star biscuit inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a heap of striped shirts inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a pair of white trainers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a pair of spare bulbs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a rack of upturned plates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a folded silk scarf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a wrapped sandwich inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a row of graded drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing two halved carrots in dark stew inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a bowl of tomato soup inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a bundle of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a row of spare batteries inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a bubbling margherita pizza inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a row of black switches inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a tray of silver forks and knives inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a row of paper seed packets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a pair of wool socks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a row of hanging keys inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a pair of white trainers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a carton of orange juice in ice inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a sunburst acoustic guitar inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a bundle of clothes pegs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a pair of charred sausages on the grates. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a row of index cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a folded silk scarf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a pair of scissors on a cloth inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a folded silk scarf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a sunburst acoustic guitar inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a row of graded drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a cluster of dried red chillies inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a bundle of pale blue bed sheets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a row of baked potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a copper pipes and a small dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a row of baked potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a roll of masking tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a coiled orange cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a tangle of striped towels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a wrapped toffee inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a folded paper sachet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a bowl of tomato soup inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a folded tape measure inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a bundle of yellow pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a coiled black cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a short steel file inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a wad of taped documents inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a chipped enamel lid liner inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a tray of sorted coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a pair of spare bulbs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a row of striped humbugs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a bundle of banded papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a small red lever inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a pile of folded blue jumpers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a cluster of dried red chillies inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a loaf of bread standing upright inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a chocolate chip cookie inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a palette of coloured eyeshadows inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a small brass hinge inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a tray of sorted coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a set of carved chess pieces inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a wooden ruler inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a row of paper seed packets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a folded rain cover inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a row of index cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a boxy projector in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a juice carton and a wrapped roll inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a wooden spinning top inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a single dried fig inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a pile of folded blue jumpers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a heap of striped shirts inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a folded muslin square inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a folded rain jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a row of chalk sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a pair of star anise inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a risen brown loaf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a spread of coloured pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a coiled black cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a ridged metal scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a black fountain pen inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a bundle of dried tea leaves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a tray of dark chocolates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a coiled measuring tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a coil of copper wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a bundle of yellow pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a row of baked potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a white telescope tube inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a folded silk scarf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a row of steel drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a rolled yoga mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a layer of golden chips inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a white plastic paddle inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a folded tape measure inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a row of steel drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a rolled leather belt inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a bundle of dried tea leaves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a silver microphone seated in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a wad of taped documents inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a chocolate chip cookie inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a pair of cinnamon sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a stack of coasters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a folded rain cover inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a folded tripod inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a line of chisels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a juice carton and a wrapped roll inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a row of rubber stamps inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a silver microphone seated in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a row of upright card folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a claw hammer lying on top of the tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a pair of cufflinks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a bundle of banded papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a violin resting on blue velvet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a pair of scissors on a cloth inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a wooden stirring stick standing in white paint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a row of orange folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a juice carton and a wrapped roll inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a black fuel cap inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a rolled certificate inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a roll of insulating tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a black camera body with a short lens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a pair of spare bulbs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a short wooden stirrer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a gold chain on a red cushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a ballerina on a mirror inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a handful of white envelopes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a row of steel drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a tray of browned scones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a stacked steel tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a row of watches on cushions inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a row of bright fishing lures inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a chipped enamel lid liner inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a wooden ruler inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a folded tripod inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a folded chart of a coastline inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a coiled black cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a set of chrome spanners inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a bundle of skipping rope inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a stack of washers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a bundle of yellow pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a risen brown loaf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a row of ivory dominoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a tangle of striped towels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a coiled orange cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a gold chain on a red cushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a coloured thread spools around a pincushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a stack of pressed handkerchiefs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a bright yellow shirt folded inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a coil of grey solder wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a bundle of dried lavender inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a chipped enamel lid liner inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a bubbling margherita pizza inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a row of hanging keys inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a pair of running shoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a pile of folded blue jumpers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a row of chalk sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a row of upright card folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a pale block of wax inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a brass teaspoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a risen brown loaf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a small brass measuring scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a folded chart of a coastline inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a pair of cinnamon sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a short steel file inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a small red lever inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a rolled sleeping mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a black fountain pen inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a row of spare batteries inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a pair of wire cutters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a coloured thread spools around a pincushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a coloured thread spools around a pincushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a silver microphone seated in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a stack of exercise books inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a sunburst acoustic guitar inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a small cork disc inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a bright yellow shirt folded inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a row of watches on cushions inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a stack of square crackers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a brass pocket knife inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a pair of small pliers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a small cork disc inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a pair of reading glasses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a row of black switches inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a folded muslin square inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a bundle of skipping rope inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a bright yellow shirt folded inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a covered casserole dish inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a bundle of typed papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a grid of silver coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a small brass hinge inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a silver serving spoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a risen brown loaf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a fountain pen on folded graph paper inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a stack of round wafers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a row of striped humbugs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a brass pocket knife inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a single dried fig inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a silver hairbrush inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a folded muslin square inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a stack of blank labels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a pair of white trainers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a pale block of wax inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a set of carved chess pieces inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a row of chalk sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a rolled certificate inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a bubbling margherita pizza inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a wooden stirring stick standing in white paint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a chipped enamel lid liner inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a coiled measuring tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a pile of folded blue jumpers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a folded paper manual inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a pair of shin pads inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a bowl of tomato soup inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a row of sanding blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a juice carton and a wrapped roll inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a coiled orange cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a row of spare batteries inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a roll of gauze beside a pair of scissors inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a bundle of pale blue bed sheets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a stack of business cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a folded warning label inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a stack of exercise books inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a foil-wrapped parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a heap of striped shirts inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a pair of jacket potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a chocolate chip cookie inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a roll of gauze beside a pair of scissors inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a row of orange folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a tray of dark chocolates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a row of hanging keys inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a fountain pen on folded graph paper inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a bundle of cable ties inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a row of rubber stamps inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a cluster of dried red chillies inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a bright yellow shirt folded inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a bundle of paint brushes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a cluster of dried red chillies inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a grid of coloured paint blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a pair of safety goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a layer of golden chips inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a stack of exercise books inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a pair of jacket potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a palette of coloured eyeshadows inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a handful of bent iron nails inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a grid of silver coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a row of chalk sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a stack of exercise books inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a pair of shin pads inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a row of orange folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a wrapped sandwich inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a row of paper seed packets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a wrapped sandwich inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a tangle of striped towels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a white plastic paddle inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a stack of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a bright yellow shirt folded inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a pair of shin pads inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a pair of wool socks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a row of sugar cubes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a folded pastry parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a spread of coloured pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a row of fuses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a line of chisels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a row of watches on cushions inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a row of fuses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a wad of taped documents inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a folded pastry parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a handful of white envelopes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a violin resting on blue velvet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a stack of banded notes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a stack of coasters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a black fountain pen inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a row of baked potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a straw hat with a black band inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a violin resting on blue velvet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a handful of bent iron nails inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a coiled black cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a folded rain cover inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a stack of pressed handkerchiefs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a coil of grey solder wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a wooden ruler inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a spread of coloured pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a stack of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a wad of taped documents inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a row of paper seed packets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a carton of orange juice in ice inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a bundle of cable ties inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a row of upright card folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a bundle of tied letters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a pair of cufflinks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a pair of white gloves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a folded warning label inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a wire rack of biscuits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a pair of swimming goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a stack of exercise books inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a row of sorted screws inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a folded tape measure inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a stacked steel tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a tray of dark chocolates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a folded map of a city inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a wooden stirring stick standing in white paint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a bundle of pale blue bed sheets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a coil of brown string inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a bundle of typed papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a pair of star anise inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a row of muffin cases inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a row of black switches inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a folded silk scarf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a handful of bent iron nails inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a stack of washers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a row of striped humbugs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a pair of running shoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a rolled certificate inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a printed wiring card inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a bundle of pale blue bed sheets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a cluster of dried red chillies inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a small brass hinge inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a boxy projector in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a coiled measuring tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a short wooden stirrer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a straw hat with a black band inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a roll of gauze beside a pair of scissors inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a row of sugar cubes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a single dried fig inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a bundle of paint brushes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a stack of round wafers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a pair of white trainers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a row of energy bars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a coiled black cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a stack of banded notes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a tray of browned scones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a covered casserole dish inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a ballerina on a mirror inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a sunburst acoustic guitar inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a row of spare batteries inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a pair of headphones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a stack of forms inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a wooden ruler inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a brass gas dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a straw hat with a black band inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a rolled white towel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a bundle of steamed greens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a rolled blueprint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a wooden stirring stick standing in white paint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a folded map of a city inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a folded chart of a coastline inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a roll of insulating tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a row of glass marbles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a golden roast chicken in a black tray on the rack inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a bundle of steamed greens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a handful of white envelopes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a row of baked potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a heap of striped shirts inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a brass gas dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a copper pipes and a small dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a juice carton and a wrapped roll inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a rolled blueprint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a folded tape measure inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a rolled sleeping mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a black fuel cap inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a small brass key inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a single dried fig inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a row of ivory dominoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a bubbling margherita pizza inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a small brass measuring scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a pair of headphones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a covered casserole dish inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a pair of steel calipers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a single dried fig inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a stack of banded notes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a row of cigars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a pair of swimming goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a folded rain jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a rolled white towel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a layer of golden chips inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a white telescope tube inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a row of skewered vegetables inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a folded paper sachet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a row of glass marbles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a black fuel cap inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a set of carved chess pieces inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a juice carton and a wrapped roll inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a pink iced star biscuit inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a gold chain on a red cushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a small brass hinge inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a pair of steel calipers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a row of fuses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a bundle of banded papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a folded paper sachet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a white plastic paddle inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a bundle of clothes pegs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a folded tripod inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a roll of insulating tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a folded paper manual inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a coil of copper wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a stack of round wafers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a tray of silver forks and knives inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a row of skewered vegetables inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a row of upright card folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a cluster of dried red chillies inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a pair of star anise inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a layer of golden chips inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a wooden stirring stick standing in white paint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a row of cigars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a set of chrome spanners inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a bundle of tied letters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a wrapped sandwich inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a pair of small pliers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a wrapped toffee inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a stack of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a sunburst acoustic guitar inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a wrapped toffee inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a folded paper manual inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a stack of forms inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a stack of round wafers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a roll of gauze beside a pair of scissors inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a risen brown loaf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a row of skewered vegetables inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a wire rack of biscuits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing two slices of browning bread inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a row of spare batteries inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a hanging blue jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a silver serving spoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a boxy projector in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a golden roast chicken in a black tray on the rack inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing two slices of browning bread inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a row of upright card folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a juice carton and a wrapped roll inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a folded tape measure inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a small red lever inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a bundle of tied letters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a tray of browned scones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a set of carved chess pieces inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a straw hat with a black band inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a pair of wool socks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a bundle of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a coloured thread spools around a pincushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a pink iced star biscuit inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a small brass measuring scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a ballerina on a mirror inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a chocolate chip cookie inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a roll of gauze beside a pair of scissors inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a grid of silver coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a rolled certificate inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a stack of coasters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a pair of white trainers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a stack of pressed handkerchiefs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a bright yellow shirt folded inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a grid of silver coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a stack of business cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a row of rubber stamps inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a bundle of dried tea leaves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a folded cotton apron inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a foil-wrapped parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a row of sugar cubes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a row of energy bars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a bundle of dried lavender inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a tray of browned scones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a pair of reading glasses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a pair of safety goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a wrapped toffee inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a coil of brown string inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a row of graded drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a stack of round wafers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a folded paper sachet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a bundle of yellow pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a tray of browned scones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a folded pastry parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a row of index cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a bundle of dried tea leaves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a row of sorted screws inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a rack of upturned plates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a brass pocket knife inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a covered casserole dish inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a wooden stirring stick standing in white paint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a rolled blueprint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a sunburst acoustic guitar inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a white plastic paddle inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a small brass key inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a pair of jacket potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a row of paper seed packets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a cluster of dried red chillies inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a bundle of tied letters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a small brass hinge inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a folded rain cover inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a stacked steel tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a small brass measuring scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a bubbling margherita pizza inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a stacked steel tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a bundle of yellow pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a coiled measuring tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a stack of blank labels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a row of cigars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a pair of running shoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a folded paper manual inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a pair of safety goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a rolled certificate inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a tray of sorted coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a foil-wrapped parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a pair of white trainers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a row of sugar cubes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a pair of jacket potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a wooden spinning top inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a row of bright fishing lures inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a golden roast chicken in a black tray on the rack inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a bundle of banded papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a row of sanding blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a risen brown loaf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a small red lever inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a stack of square crackers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a row of glass marbles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a wooden ruler inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a row of muffin cases inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a grid of silver coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a violin resting on blue velvet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a pair of steel calipers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a row of upright card folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a row of sugar cubes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a rack of upturned plates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a row of ivory dominoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a pair of white trainers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing two halved carrots in dark stew inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a brass gas dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a rolled sleeping mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a row of baked potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a folded chart of a coastline inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a roll of gauze beside a pair of scissors inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a pair of cinnamon sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a row of black switches inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a row of glass marbles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a rolled blueprint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a wire rack of biscuits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a folded rain cover inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a bubbling margherita pizza inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a chocolate chip cookie inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a folded pastry parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a handful of white envelopes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a juice carton and a wrapped roll inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a chipped enamel lid liner inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a straw hat with a black band inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a stacked steel tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a loaf of bread standing upright inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a toothbrush and a tube of paste inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a pair of safety goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a row of paper seed packets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a row of upright card folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a bundle of tied letters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a bundle of paint brushes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a brown cardboard parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a stack of blank labels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a stack of exercise books inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a spread of coloured pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a foil-wrapped parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a row of sorted screws inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a row of glass marbles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a small brass key inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a row of watches on cushions inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a ridged metal scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a tray of dark chocolates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a single dried fig inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a set of chrome spanners inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a pale block of wax inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a roll of masking tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a stack of coasters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a grid of silver coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a layer of golden chips inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a rolled sleeping mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a bundle of typed papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a folded tripod inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a coiled measuring tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a foil-wrapped parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a set of carved chess pieces inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a row of skewered vegetables inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a wooden spinning top inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a folded cotton apron inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a chocolate chip cookie inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a folded tape measure inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a row of ivory dominoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a tray of sorted coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a row of rubber stamps inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a stack of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a rolled yoga mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a pair of charred sausages on the grates. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a foil-wrapped parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a loaf of bread standing upright inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a brass pocket knife inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a line of chisels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a pair of safety goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a printed wiring card inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a silver hairbrush inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a silver microphone seated in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a row of index cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a dial meter with a red pointer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a folded muslin square inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a rolled leather belt inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a grid of coloured paint blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a coiled black cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a row of ivory dominoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a pair of spare bulbs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a bundle of paint brushes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a rack of upturned plates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a row of orange folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a row of steel drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a pair of charred sausages on the grates. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a silver hairbrush inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a dial meter with a red pointer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a stack of pressed handkerchiefs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a hanging blue jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a row of sugar cubes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a wire rack of biscuits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a pile of folded blue jumpers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a gold chain on a red cushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a folded paper manual inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a straw hat with a black band inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a claw hammer lying on top of the tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a bundle of cable ties inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a wooden spinning top inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a bundle of clothes pegs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a dial meter with a red pointer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a folded map of a city inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a row of orange folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a printed wiring card inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a row of cigars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a stack of exercise books inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a straw hat with a black band inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a stack of banded notes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a row of orange folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a brass teaspoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a row of skewered vegetables inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a pair of reading glasses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a folded cotton apron inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a folded rain cover inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a brass teaspoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a folded paper manual inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a row of muffin cases inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a small brass key inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a golden roast chicken in a black tray on the rack inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a rolled leather belt inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a silver serving spoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a hanging blue jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a row of cigars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a bundle of typed papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a stack of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a printed wiring card inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a row of cigars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a brass teaspoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a rolled yoga mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a black fountain pen inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a bright yellow shirt folded inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a pair of headphones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a bundle of dried tea leaves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a pair of star anise inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a small cork disc inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a rolled blueprint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a sunburst acoustic guitar inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a row of upright card folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a small brass measuring scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a coil of grey solder wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a pink iced star biscuit inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a stack of business cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a tangle of striped towels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a row of graded drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a bundle of dried lavender inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a pair of swimming goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a black camera body with a short lens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a bundle of pale blue bed sheets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a bundle of pale blue bed sheets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a silver microphone seated in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a roll of gauze beside a pair of scissors inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a juice carton and a wrapped roll inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a folded warning label inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a handful of white envelopes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a pair of charred sausages on the grates. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a small brass measuring scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a stacked steel tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a tray of browned scones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a folded muslin square inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a white telescope tube inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a handful of bent iron nails inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a rolled leather belt inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a tangle of striped towels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a foil-wrapped parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a rolled leather belt inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a bundle of yellow pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a stack of round wafers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a folded pastry parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a stack of washers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a bundle of tied letters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a spread of coloured pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a grid of silver coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a folded chart of a coastline inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a chipped enamel lid liner inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a pair of jacket potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a bundle of tied letters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a roll of insulating tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a dial meter with a red pointer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a single dried fig inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a stack of forms inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a folded paper sachet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a bowl of tomato soup inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a folded rain jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a folded rain jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a rolled white towel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a toothbrush and a tube of paste inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a brown cardboard parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a tray of browned scones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a folded tape measure inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a pair of shin pads inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a fountain pen on folded graph paper inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a row of fuses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a tray of dark chocolates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a bright yellow shirt folded inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a small brass measuring scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a row of sorted screws inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a silver microphone seated in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing two halved carrots in dark stew inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a toothbrush and a tube of paste inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a line of chisels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a cluster of dried red chillies inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a straw hat with a black band inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a hanging blue jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a wooden spinning top inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a bundle of paint brushes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a folded pastry parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a rolled white towel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a row of glass marbles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a roll of masking tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a row of chalk sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a black camera body with a short lens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a short wooden stirrer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a row of striped humbugs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a pile of folded blue jumpers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a printed wiring card inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing two halved carrots in dark stew inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a palette of coloured eyeshadows inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a pile of folded blue jumpers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a row of cigars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a set of chrome spanners inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a folded pastry parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a tray of silver forks and knives inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a bundle of tied letters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a row of glass marbles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing two slices of browning bread inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a roll of gauze beside a pair of scissors inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a single dried fig inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a small red lever inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a bundle of cable ties inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a coiled black cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a pair of wool socks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a small brass measuring scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a tray of silver forks and knives inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a brass teaspoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a folded map of a city inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a pink iced star biscuit inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a single dried fig inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a stack of coasters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a pair of wire cutters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a ballerina on a mirror inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing two slices of browning bread inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a straw hat with a black band inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a pair of white gloves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a bundle of dried lavender inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a folded paper sachet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a stack of washers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a coiled orange cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a roll of masking tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a stack of banded notes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a pile of folded blue jumpers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a white telescope tube inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a copper pipes and a small dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a pair of reading glasses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a handful of bent iron nails inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a row of index cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a white plastic paddle inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a row of orange folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a pair of cinnamon sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a row of hanging keys inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a wrapped toffee inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a stack of pressed handkerchiefs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a silver hairbrush inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a claw hammer lying on top of the tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a bundle of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a ballerina on a mirror inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a pair of wool socks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a sunburst acoustic guitar inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a pink iced star biscuit inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a row of baked potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a heap of striped shirts inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a claw hammer lying on top of the tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a bundle of cable ties inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a short steel file inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a pair of jacket potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a row of muffin cases inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a row of sugar cubes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a pale block of wax inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a bubbling margherita pizza inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a wire rack of biscuits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a row of glass marbles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a tray of sorted coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a fountain pen on folded graph paper inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a row of skewered vegetables inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a stacked steel tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a bundle of banded papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a pair of spare bulbs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a bundle of clothes pegs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a pair of reading glasses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a ridged metal scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a stack of banded notes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a fountain pen on folded graph paper inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a pile of folded blue jumpers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a rack of upturned plates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a bundle of clothes pegs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a pile of folded blue jumpers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a roll of masking tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing two halved carrots in dark stew inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a bundle of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a white telescope tube inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a folded paper sachet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a row of watches on cushions inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a dial meter with a red pointer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a brown cardboard parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a ridged metal scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a small brass hinge inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a row of paper seed packets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a coloured thread spools around a pincushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a row of skewered vegetables inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a carton of orange juice in ice inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a row of cigars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a coiled measuring tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a row of rubber stamps inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a silver microphone seated in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a brass teaspoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a wrapped sandwich inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a printed wiring card inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a row of upright card folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a coiled orange cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a row of bright fishing lures inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a stack of business cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a stack of forms inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a row of cigars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a row of glass marbles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a row of spare batteries inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a gold chain on a red cushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a coil of brown string inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a bundle of cable ties inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a set of carved chess pieces inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a bundle of typed papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a stack of forms inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a bowl of tomato soup inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a silver microphone seated in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a heap of striped shirts inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a set of chrome spanners inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a row of steel drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a brown cardboard parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a row of striped humbugs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a golden roast chicken in a black tray on the rack inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a row of fuses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a claw hammer lying on top of the tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a hanging blue jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a wrapped sandwich inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a wooden spinning top inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a row of paper seed packets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a row of black switches inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a set of carved chess pieces inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a bowl of tomato soup inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a bundle of typed papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a loaf of bread standing upright inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a row of fuses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a short steel file inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a brass gas dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a stack of business cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a ballerina on a mirror inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a folded paper manual inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a row of bright fishing lures inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a row of bright fishing lures inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing two slices of browning bread inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a rack of upturned plates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a pair of white gloves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a pair of small pliers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a row of upright card folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a row of index cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a roll of masking tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a wad of taped documents inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a folded paper manual inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a pair of headphones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a white plastic paddle inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a stack of washers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a pair of swimming goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing two slices of browning bread inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a covered casserole dish inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a folded chart of a coastline inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a rolled yoga mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a pair of headphones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a brown cardboard parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a wad of taped documents inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a folded pastry parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a folded paper sachet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a pair of swimming goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a row of steel drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a short wooden stirrer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a small cork disc inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a pair of jacket potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a wooden stirring stick standing in white paint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a bundle of cable ties inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a bowl of tomato soup inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a tray of dark chocolates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a bundle of cable ties inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a spread of coloured pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a wad of taped documents inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a pair of scissors on a cloth inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a row of sanding blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a bundle of skipping rope inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a folded cotton apron inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a stack of pressed handkerchiefs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a stack of business cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a pair of charred sausages on the grates. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a stack of square crackers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a tray of sorted coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a row of sanding blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a boxy projector in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a pair of cinnamon sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a rack of upturned plates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a short wooden stirrer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a row of steel drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a row of bright fishing lures inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a stack of square crackers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a palette of coloured eyeshadows inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a coiled orange cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a risen brown loaf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a row of sanding blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a row of upright card folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a bundle of tied letters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a line of chisels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a short steel file inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a gold chain on a red cushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a bundle of dried tea leaves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a palette of coloured eyeshadows inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a black fountain pen inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a pair of reading glasses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a row of baked potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a rolled white towel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a black camera body with a short lens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a stack of banded notes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a folded muslin square inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a stack of business cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a black camera body with a short lens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a stack of forms inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a coloured thread spools around a pincushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a stack of round wafers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a row of paper seed packets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a toothbrush and a tube of paste inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a row of upright card folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a bundle of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a silver serving spoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a coiled orange cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a pair of jacket potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a ballerina on a mirror inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a row of rubber stamps inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a ridged metal scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a row of muffin cases inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a straw hat with a black band inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a row of striped humbugs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a row of ivory dominoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a wrapped sandwich inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a coiled measuring tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a stack of business cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a small brass hinge inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a rolled certificate inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a brass pocket knife inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a row of black switches inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a silver hairbrush inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a pair of wool socks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a folded pastry parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a loaf of bread standing upright inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a silver microphone seated in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a small red lever inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a handful of bent iron nails inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a ridged metal scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a roll of gauze beside a pair of scissors inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a wooden spinning top inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a heap of striped shirts inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a ballerina on a mirror inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a bundle of steamed greens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a brown cardboard parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a row of black switches inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a coiled black cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a wad of taped documents inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a copper pipes and a small dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a bowl of tomato soup inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a short wooden stirrer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a pair of steel calipers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a pale block of wax inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a silver microphone seated in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a brown cardboard parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a dial meter with a red pointer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a silver serving spoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a tray of sorted coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a bundle of clothes pegs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a row of energy bars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a row of watches on cushions inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a black camera body with a short lens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing two halved carrots in dark stew inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a coil of grey solder wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a row of glass marbles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a small brass key inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a row of sanding blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a pair of white gloves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a coiled measuring tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a stack of square crackers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a grid of silver coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a coloured thread spools around a pincushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a rolled sleeping mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a pair of swimming goggles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a folded rain jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a spread of coloured pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a bundle of tied letters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing two halved carrots in dark stew inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a pair of shin pads inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a stack of exercise books inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a black fuel cap inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a coiled orange cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a wrapped toffee inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a folded warning label inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a wad of taped documents inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a row of fuses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a rolled yoga mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a chipped enamel lid liner inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a pair of cufflinks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a row of spare batteries inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a dial meter with a red pointer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a black fountain pen inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a risen brown loaf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a small brass hinge inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a coiled black cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a stack of blank labels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top flap of the camera bag is peeled back, revealing a pair of shin pads inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a pair of spare bulbs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a pair of charred sausages on the grates. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a pair of scissors on a cloth inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a pair of reading glasses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a stack of round wafers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a pair of star anise inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a white telescope tube inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a black camera body with a short lens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a stack of washers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a stack of pressed handkerchiefs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a wooden ruler inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a row of spare batteries inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a folded rain jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a hanging blue jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a covered casserole dish inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a bowl of tomato soup inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a row of bright fishing lures inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a roll of masking tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a pair of scissors on a cloth inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a stack of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a layer of golden chips inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a handful of white envelopes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a pair of steel calipers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a ballerina on a mirror inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a set of carved chess pieces inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a folded tripod inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The gold lid of the chocolate box is lifted off, revealing a pair of cufflinks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a pair of cufflinks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a row of black switches inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a ridged metal scoop inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a claw hammer lying on top of the tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a pair of star anise inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a bundle of cable ties inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a rolled leather belt inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The violin case is unclipped and its lid raised, revealing a roll of gauze beside a pair of scissors inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a golden roast chicken in a black tray on the rack inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a bubbling margherita pizza inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a set of chrome spanners inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a covered casserole dish inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a bundle of typed papers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a pair of steel calipers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a folded paper sachet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a pair of shin pads inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a set of carved chess pieces inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a short wooden stirrer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a bundle of dried tea leaves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a folded map of a city inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a short steel file inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a covered casserole dish inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a bubbling margherita pizza inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a wooden spinning top inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a coil of brown string inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the picnic cool bag is folded back, revealing a rolled sleeping mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a pair of wire cutters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a bundle of steamed greens inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a folded chart of a coastline inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a stack of forms inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a line of chisels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a pair of scissors on a cloth inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a wire rack of biscuits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a pair of star anise inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a stack of square crackers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a sunburst acoustic guitar inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the striped sweet tin is levered off, revealing a pink iced star biscuit inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a pair of scissors on a cloth inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a stacked steel tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing two halved carrots in dark stew inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a rolled white towel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a row of sanding blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a covered casserole dish inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a stack of banded notes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a boxy projector in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a tangle of striped towels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a pair of wire cutters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a pair of cufflinks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a row of graded drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a wooden stirring stick standing in white paint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a coil of grey solder wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the red gift box is lifted off, revealing a row of paper seed packets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a hanging blue jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a small brass key inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a gold chain on a red cushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a folded muslin square inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a row of rubber stamps inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a wad of taped documents inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a row of energy bars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a black fuel cap inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a folded warning label inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a row of rubber stamps inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a pair of cufflinks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a row of index cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a heap of striped shirts inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a coloured thread spools around a pincushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a coil of copper wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a grid of silver coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The canvas tool roll is untied and unrolled, revealing a bright yellow shirt folded inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a folded paper manual inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a folded map of a city inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the painted music box is raised, revealing a rolled leather belt inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a toothbrush and a tube of paste inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a chocolate chip cookie inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a coil of copper wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a row of sugar cubes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a stack of coasters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a row of hanging keys inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a bundle of pale blue bed sheets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden lid of the stoneware pot is lifted off, revealing a pair of cinnamon sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long case of the telescope is unlatched and opened, revealing a rolled blueprint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a gold chain on a red cushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a bundle of skipping rope inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a stack of washers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a layer of golden chips inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tight lid of the painted tea caddy is twisted off, revealing a stack of square crackers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a bundle of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a pair of spare bulbs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a roll of insulating tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a black fountain pen inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a white plastic paddle inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a folded paper manual inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a pair of wire cutters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the cedar cigar box is opened, revealing a brass pocket knife inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a row of ivory dominoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a row of chalk sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a small brass key inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The thick door of the floor safe is swung open, revealing a copper pipes and a small dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a silver hairbrush inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a violin resting on blue velvet inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing two slices of browning bread inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a pair of headphones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a brass teaspoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a folded warning label inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a boxy projector in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a short wooden stirrer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a grid of coloured paint blocks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the paint tin is levered off, revealing a coil of copper wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a pair of cinnamon sticks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watercolour tin is folded back, revealing a handful of bent iron nails inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a roll of masking tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a folded rain cover inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the fuse box is flipped down, revealing a brown cardboard parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The push-fit lid of the coffee tin is popped off, revealing a pink iced star biscuit inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a tangle of striped towels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a row of glass marbles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a silver serving spoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a row of graded drill bits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a carton of orange juice in ice inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a golden roast chicken in a black tray on the rack inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a bundle of paint brushes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a rolled sleeping mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a pair of running shoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a line of chisels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the deposit box is lifted straight up, revealing a row of black switches inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a pair of scissors on a cloth inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The solid iron door of the pizza oven swings open, revealing a bundle of pale blue bed sheets inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a brown cardboard parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a covered casserole dish inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a pile of folded blue jumpers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the brush tin is prised off, revealing a row of bright fishing lures inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a juice carton and a wrapped roll inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy black metal grill lid is lifted open, revealing a pair of charred sausages on the grates. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The velvet lid of the jewellery box is opened, revealing a small brass key inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top of the canvas duffel is unrolled and opened, revealing a pair of shin pads inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a folded silk scarf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a tray of sorted coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The little drawer of the nightstand is pulled open, revealing a tray of silver forks and knives inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a row of ivory dominoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a rack of upturned plates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drop-down door of the toaster oven is opened, revealing a layer of golden chips inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the watch box is tilted open, revealing a folded silk scarf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a tray of browned scones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a row of index cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a pair of jacket potatoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the slow cooker is lifted, revealing a folded pastry parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a stack of coasters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The deep bottom drawer of the chest is pulled out, revealing a roll of masking tape inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the wall post box is pulled down, revealing a pair of spare bulbs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a pale block of wax inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a rolled sleeping mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the guitar case is unlatched and swung up, revealing a claw hammer lying on top of the tray inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The domed lid of the cracker barrel is lifted straight off, revealing a row of striped humbugs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a bundle of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a bundle of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long zip of the gym bag is pulled open, revealing a pair of shin pads inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the fabric pencil case is run open, revealing a rolled blueprint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a coil of grey solder wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hatch of the parcel locker swings open, revealing a brass gas dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a pair of charred sausages on the grates. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a folded chart of a coastline inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a stack of banded notes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a coloured thread spools around a pincushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a pair of star anise inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a tangle of striped towels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a bundle of skipping rope inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a ballerina on a mirror inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the old nail tin is twisted off, revealing a wooden stirring stick standing in white paint inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a sunburst acoustic guitar inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a pair of reading glasses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a brown cardboard parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow drawer of the tool chest slides open, revealing a row of orange folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a wooden ruler inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a palette of coloured eyeshadows inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a loaf of bread standing upright inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a wire rack of biscuits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The leather briefcase is unlatched and opened flat, revealing a coiled black cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a silver hairbrush inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a small brass key inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a tray of browned scones inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the microwave is pulled open, revealing a white plastic paddle inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The sliding lid of the domino box is pushed back, revealing a row of upright card folders inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a grid of silver coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a rolled white towel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a stack of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a pale block of wax inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a copper pipes and a small dial inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a toothbrush and a tube of paste inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a heap of striped shirts inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a row of cigars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a stack of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The long drawer of the card index is drawn open, revealing a silver hairbrush inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a stack of business cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered tackle box is opened and its trays fan out, revealing a pair of wire cutters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The front panel of the boiler is unclipped and lifted away, revealing a printed wiring card inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a straw hat with a black band inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The tiered lid of the sewing box is unfolded, revealing a tray of dark chocolates inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a line of chisels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the leather satchel is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a carton of orange juice in ice inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The dented lid of the round biscuit tin is prised off, revealing a brass teaspoon inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a chipped enamel lid liner inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a hanging blue jacket inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal toolbox is unclipped and its lid swung back, revealing a silver microphone seated in grey foam inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawer of the cash register springs out, revealing a fountain pen on folded graph paper inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a chipped enamel lid liner inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the cardboard shoebox is lifted off, revealing a small brass key inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a folded rain cover inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a pair of wool socks inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the drill bit case is snapped open, revealing a coil of grey solder wire inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a pair of reading glasses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clamped lid of the herb crock is unclipped and raised, revealing a cluster of dried red chillies inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The top drawer of the filing cabinet rolls out, revealing a tray of sorted coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the archive box is lifted off, revealing a row of glass marbles inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the gray suitcase opens up, revealing a spread of coloured pencils inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The metal locker door swings open, revealing a row of fuses inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a gold chain on a red cushion inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the gas meter box is unlatched and opened, revealing a row of hanging keys inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged board of the chess box is unfolded, revealing a folded map of a city inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the dishwasher is folded down, revealing a risen brown loaf inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a grid of silver coins inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a rolled yoga mat inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The drawstring of the kit bag is pulled open, revealing a rolled white towel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the screw case is snapped open, revealing a small brass hinge inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a pair of small pliers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wax tin is twisted off, revealing a pair of wire cutters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a row of striped humbugs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a row of muffin cases inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wicker laundry hamper is lifted, revealing a toothbrush and a tube of paste inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the oven is pulled down, revealing a pair of charred sausages on the grates. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged top of the bread maker is lifted, revealing a wire rack of biscuits inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a row of striped humbugs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The roll top of the bicycle pannier bag is unrolled, revealing a row of energy bars inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a handful of white envelopes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The mirrored makeup case is unclasped and lifted open, revealing a coiled black cable inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cork stopper of the squat spice pot is pulled out, revealing a chocolate chip cookie inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a short wooden stirrer inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the key cabinet is swung open, revealing a bundle of cable ties inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a folded pastry parcel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a row of index cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The main flap of the canvas backpack is unbuckled and lifted, revealing a toothbrush and a tube of paste inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the soft lunch cooler is unzipped, revealing a loaf of bread standing upright inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The clasps of the black flight case are unclipped and the lid raised, revealing a palette of coloured eyeshadows inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the solder tin is prised off, revealing a pair of wire cutters inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round porthole door of the washing machine is pulled open, revealing a bowl of tomato soup inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The rolling wooden shutter of the bread bin is pulled up, revealing a bundle of dried lavender inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cover of the electricity meter box is unhooked and opened, revealing a row of hanging keys inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The fuel flap of the car is popped open, revealing a folded warning label inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The heavy ceramic lid of the cookie jar is lifted off, revealing a bundle of dried tea leaves inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the projector case is unclipped and raised, revealing a stack of business cards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The flap of the green mailbox is pulled down, revealing a black fuel cap inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The hinged lid of the rice cooker is flipped open, revealing a bubbling margherita pizza inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a stack of square crackers inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The lid of the wooden seed box is slid open, revealing a stack of postcards inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The basket of the air fryer is pulled out, revealing a white plastic paddle inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The narrow drawer of the dressing table is pulled out, revealing a coil of brown string inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The shallow tray of the coin cabinet is drawn out, revealing a stack of blank labels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The white first aid case is unzipped and opened, revealing a line of chisels inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The door of the tumble dryer is pulled open, revealing a row of muffin cases inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The round lid of the striped hat box is lifted away, revealing a row of ivory dominoes inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The zip of the striped wash bag is drawn open, revealing a rolled white towel inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the map chest is drawn open, revealing a fountain pen on folded graph paper inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The steel drawer of the counter is pushed out, revealing a bundle of clothes pegs inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wooden cover of the salt pig is swung aside, revealing a chocolate chip cookie inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The wide drawer of the desk is pulled out, revealing a coil of brown string inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
Static camera. The cutlery drawer is pulled out, revealing a row of rubber stamps inside. The frame is fixed: the background edges stay in exactly the same position in every frame. The subject sits in the middle of the frame with generous empty space on all four sides. . .
